# January 8, 2025
Reflecting back on last semester the most enjoyable thing about the class I was in is that I was ablw to work with groups and code. The one thing that can be improved is to be better at coding. As we start the semester I would like to learn and understand coding a little bit more, I feel like im struggling on coding a bit and I would like to understand it more. There are certifications I would like, I would like python. To support me achieve this goal I would need to practice in my own time. 
# January 13, 2025
I think that the shift that the tech company is going towards has 2 things, good and bad. Good because AI can replace traditional tech roles and maybe make them better. The bad part about it is that it could possibly replace the job of the people who are working there. In the article it says that Goldman Sachs will be able to reach $200 billion dollars by 2025 due to the AI skills. Many companies sees this as a good idea so they are also using AI to help the company. 
# January 22, 2025
I think this makes a giant impact because if there is like a protest or anything that's bad or good, people would wanna talk about it on tik tok. You would take away the people's voice and the freedom of speech in tik tok, people also get all their news from tik tok and reliable news. Tik tok could address security concerns globally by maybe using apps like twitter, instagram, or google. If I was a tik tok developer a secuirty policy I could do is if someone is hacking your account they would automaticlly lock your account and send a email or message to your account saying that the account is temporarily locked due to someone trying to hack in. I could take this lesson and apply it to my own project to practice privacy for the user or protection from any harm or threats to the user. This relates to the concepts we have covered like app development, we made our own sports game and it worked great. 
# Januray 28, 2025
    | Name     | Car            | Mistake |
    | :------- | :--            | :------ |
    | Jimmy    |Honda Civic     |Drilled hole in gas tank     |
    | Kayla    |GMC Sierra      |Fixed the wrong problem      |
    | Bart     |Toyota Corolla  |Left stains on carpet        |
    | Harrison |Subaru Forester |Left the oil cap off         |
# February 3, 2025
People can dynamiclly adjust flight paths and scedueling based on real time data. I'm assuming this helps with making the airplane go in a straight path instead of malfunctioning or going in patterns. coding and computer systems could possibly malfunction due to nobody checking on them or maybe there is something wrong with the code. Sometimes people forget to check if anything is wrong with the system or assume that the system is okay and doesn't need to be checked on. Sometimes poor interferance or unclear alerts could possibly happen since they might've not known that they were about to crash into another thing. It didn't seem like they knew if they were gonna crash or not. Hijacking or hacking or cyber vunerability could be the case, sometimes people can hack into anything nowadays if they have enough experince. To prevent further accidents people should moderate these issues even more often and need to check the systems every now and then. And if the systems are good they should do a double check or maybe in scenarios like the one we are disscussing, they should do a triple check. 
# February 18, 2025
Last week I have learned various stuff such as new algebra solutions to problems, getting more comftorable with coding, etc. I have been doing various algebra strats like learning how to do Nsolve on a graph and graphing various numbers. I have also been more comftorable with coding where you drag the coding blocks and make your own code. I have also learned a few things about how shoes are more cheap when shipped over seas and other history things. I have learned quite a few things last week and now that I know this information, I am ready to learn more for what's to come.
# February 24, 2025
Slang is starting to get real popular, there's a lot of words being shortened and a lot of words that are brain rot. People can use technology by searching up th definition of the slang. It's just that easy, some potential benifits of slang translation tools is that you would not have to go all the way to search a slang you don't know and go back to texting again. If there could be a slang translation tool you could just do it in a snap and it would already translate it. It would benifit that they would learn what slang words are so they aren't confused but also bad because if they learn slang terms they would learn and use it every single time. it would be good to learn about it, bad because kids would use it waay more often. misunderstanding slang could impact interactions because if you don't know what they mean you won't know what they are talking about. 
# March 3, 2025
The class had behaved well when the substitute was here in our class. There were a few kids who misbehaved and were messing around. Most of the kids did their work and finished it. Yes it might have made their job harder because all they want is to just have a calm and quiet classroom. The substitute just forgot about most of the things and in the end said to all of us "Have a wonderful day" to each of us indivisually. If I wanted to change anything I would have them be quiet and do their work and then have them mess around but not to much. It's just annoying whenever people mess around in a classroom they're supposed to be working in.
# March 17, 2025
Reflecting on how I used technology back in spring break, I used a lot of it. I used apps like mobile games or like the weather app, I also used a console to play games called the PlayStation 5. This technology entertained me because if I had no entertainment I then I would be bored and have barely anything to do. Technology also gave me a challenge due to how in games servers were always full and since some games are popular like the game roblox, servers and games get full and popular and it creates lag. Connecting to the technology we use here in class we have tried coding and tried to make games out of them, so yes there is a connection to how we play games and the fundamentals of how games work with coding. 
# March 24, 2025
Reflecting on the technology that has advanced in tournaments, it doesn't really make it to thrilling. Why would you want AI technology to predict the game's outcome? It would take out the joy in the tournament because you would already who would win or might win. You would want to go into the tournament oblivious and not knowing who would win, it would create a sense of thrill and excitment. Streaming services and and tranforming fan engagment would impact everythig because it can get more views and more fans thrilled to see what happens next. 
# March 31, 2025
I'm feeling okay but just very tired and struggling with a few personal things, although I am ready for the STAAR test and I am confident that I will pass this STAAR test. The most stressful part of school was the amount of fights people had over the years and the students in classroom who are loud, it's been getting annoying. To take care of myself I can draw or play games during school, like a small mobile game to just get myself distracted for a bit then head straight back into working. My goal that I want to reach in the end of the school year is to pass with all A's, rather I want that to happen every school year. Someone that I can talk to keep me calm is my best friend, I trust them because they have been with me for a while and finds a way to comfort me in some way, I love them as a friend and I wish them the best future going foward in life.
